Everyone here
Who would believe
You, a bottom-level garbage, are also worthy of this Hengyuan Group.
Bro that's right
Grandma, don't be fooled
It's definitely not from him.
How can the two of you be very fast verbally?
I'll know if you listen to Secretary Du
Secretary
Your company said to give gifts, don't let the villain claim them falsely.
Mr. Sun is serious
I, the board of directors of Hengyuan, directly issue instructions
Make it clear that in the name of Miss Lu Xuexing
Gift for the old lady's birthday
Meng Yun, thank you.
What is there between you and me?
Your temper is really good
Willing to spend a fortune for the one you love
If someone did this for me
You are willing to die
I would. How about this gift?
Is the old lady still satisfied?
Lighten up trash
You're too proud
Dr. Sun said it well
I really thought no one saw through your tricks
Ok my trick
Then you say I have a point too
These gifts are quite nice
You have a lot of guts
He actually pretended to receive a congratulatory gift from my Zhao family